Well, good afternoon, family.
Thank you for joining us again today.
We're going to go over what we were shown in this last video.
But first, Holy Spirit, I plead the blood of Jesus right now over this broadcast.
I thank you, Father, over the internet signal that it doesn't drop or have any buffering for the people.
Thank you, Father, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our time of prayer today.
And Father, as we pray for the nations, as we pray for a great harvest of souls to come to know you, Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's a covering over it and that you have your way.
You are the potter, we are the clay.
And we're so grateful, Father, for the time that we have to pray and to seek your face, and that we will know you more in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
All right.
Well, I'll just go over what I was shown this last time.
Now, when I was looking at this, I'll bring these scriptures up because I paused because there was so much—I kept pleading the blood because it was very dark what I was seeing.
It looked like a lot of evil.
These visions were very detailed, very colorful.
They were stuff I've never seen before concerning—Hey, bring up the scripture: principalities, powers, spiritual wickedness in Ephesians.
Okay.
All right.
So this is the great falling away.
And I believe what I was seeing was part of what the scripture talks about: the great falling away.
This is 2 Thessalonians chapter 2, verses 1 and 3: 'Now, brethren, concerning the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ and our gathering together to him, we ask you not to be soon shaken in mind or troubled, neither by spirit or by word or by letter, as if from us, as though the day of Christ had come.
Let no one deceive you by any means.
For that day will not come unless the falling away comes first, and the man of sin is revealed, the son of perdition.
' So I saw the falling away.
I saw—and this is what's so interesting to me as we were praying, and I'll start with this: I was looking into Memorial Day and the Lord allowed me to see the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.
Praying over the Memorial Day weekend, which is in two weeks, and then I was taken to the 250th anniversary.
Praying over the window between Memorial Day and the 250th.
As I was shown France, I was looking at France and I was looking at gifts.
I was looking at countries honoring America for the 250th to President Trump.
But I was looking at some kind—and the Lord said this is a metaphor, a type and shadow.
I saw jewels.
I saw these jewels that looked like they were alive.
There were emeralds, but I saw this emerald that was the most beautiful emerald; it looked like a brooch that was in this gold that looked transparent.
It had diamonds that were the size of your eyeball.
Humongous diamonds that were all on a rope, and they were attached to this beautiful brooch that was transparent with an emerald that looked alive.
It was on fire.
There was something about this emerald, but it was drawing you in.
It made you want to keep looking at it.
It was the most beautiful emerald I've ever seen.
It was not of this world.
It was something very symbolic to these jewels that I was seeing.
As I was looking at this, I saw a bloodline of fallen angels that looked like lizards—golden lizards—that were again something of the Nephilim.
But the Nephilim were the fallen race that was crossbred with these fallen angels—the men that were crossbred with these angels.
So, I was looking at a bloodline that was preserved and passed down from generation to generation for hundreds of years, attached to the kings and royalty, that they have preserved for a time of disclosure.
I saw hidden secret files that were in the United States government that were about to be revealed.
I saw levels of deception coming.
In the days ahead, I saw that the 40 videos—these 40 different things—were just toying with you.
They're messing with you.
It's not real.
The real disclosure what they're going to give you is not real disclosure.
It's just messing with you.
It's not like big news.
It will be like, 'Okay, they give you these little tidbits.
' But I saw a moderate and an extreme level of deception that's coming.
There were three levels of deception coming.
As this next level that's about to come out—that is moderate—will shake the nations.
There's something very dark that they're about to reveal regarding what we were praying about that's moderate.
The Lord called it moderate.
But there is a severe level that is very deceptive.
It is bad.
As I was looking at this, I saw a golden pyramid.
But the golden pyramid was attached to Satan.
The Illuminati was attached to Satan.
And as I was looking into this, I was taken to the second heaven, whatever you want to call it.
It was a dimension.
I've always thought Satan was in hell and he ruled in hell, and that's out of my ignorance.
But he isn't in hell.
I was looking at something where he has a kingdom that is above us, and it was in between heaven, earth, and hell, and that's where he ruled.
I saw the principalities.
Now look at this: 'For we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this age, against spiritual hosts of wickedness in the heavenly places.
' The heavenly places.
So the wickedness in heavenly places.
Where is this?
I saw a level of demonic beings that I never knew existed.
You know, whenever we think of angels, I always look at the ones with the wings, and they have armor, and they've got the angelic beings that work on our behalf.
But there was something of darkness that I was looking at that sucked me in.
I was looking at it and it was so dark.
I've never seen anything like that before in my life, and I had to keep pleading the blood because it was freaking me out.
I did not tell you what I was seeing, but spiritual hosts of wickedness in heavenly places.
There's a level of things that have never presented themselves to anybody that are above us, and spiritual wickedness in heavenly places that is over the top of something that I saw—that I had a glimpse of.
There's a dimension.
There is a realm.
I don't know how else to say this.
I'm trying with my human vocabulary to relay what I was shown, and I don't know how to.
So that's why I said, 'How do I say—?
' I'm trying to find scriptures.
But it even talks about in Ezekiel, it talks about Satan and his stones.
And there were stones that Satan had.
Lucifer had these stones.
And they were fiery.
Braden can find that scripture; I'll read it to you.
Of these stones that I was talking about—the emerald that was alive.
It was bubbling.
It looked like it had light.
Now, I want to tell you this.
Look at this: 'Satan comes as an angel of light.
' Look at that one, 2 Corinthians 11.
'And no wonder, for Satan himself transforms himself into an angel of light.
' 2 Corinthians 11:14.
When I was looking at this light, when I was looking at the devil, I was looking at this—I don't want to call it the third heaven, so please don't sit there and go, 'Brandon, you're misquoting it wrong.
' It's probably the second, whatever this is.
I saw a realm—that's all I can tell you.
I saw His throne; I saw His kingdom.
And there were fallen angels all around this road that led to a throne.
They were all dingy, golden-looking colors.
Some of them looked like Chewbacca from Star Wars, but they were black and white colors, not red like Chewbacca.
These things looked hairy.
They looked like something out of a Star Wars movie.
This was darkness like I've never seen before.
These were alien, deity-looking things like I've never seen before.
I want to call them the fallen ones; I don't know what else to call this.
I want you to see this: Ezekiel 28:14-17.
'You were the anointed cherub who covers; I established you.
You were on the holy mountain of God; you walked back and forth in the midst of the fiery stones.
You were perfect in your ways from the day you were created till iniquity was found in you.
By the abundance of your trading, you became filled with violence within and you sinned.
Therefore I cast you as a profane thing out of the mountain of God and destroyed you, O covering cherub, from the midst of the fiery stones.
' These are the stones I was looking at.
They looked like they were on fire.
I saw a room with these stones.
They were like all kinds of different emeralds, and it was in a room that had caves leading to one major stone that looked like an oval.
It was perched on a granite thing and it shined out like light.
When I looked at it, it filled my spiritual eye so brightly, but it started to draw me in like a tractor beam, and I had to resist it because it was pulling me in and sucking me in.
Chapter 2: Find scriptures to stand on.
I didn't like it.
The darkness that I was feeling was overwhelming, and that's why I ended it abruptly.
I did not know what to do with what I was shown.
Afterwards, I had to pray in the spirit for hours.
It drew me in like a tractor beam.
There was something so dark about this light that Satan was over.
I want you to hear this: 'You walked back and forth in the midst of the fiery stones.
You were perfect in your ways from the day you were created till iniquity was found in you.
' These stones were beautiful—something I've never seen before.
I saw two of them.
It says 'stones'—there's more than one.
I was shown two, and one of them was emerald.
It had to do with the Nephilim.
He comes as an angel of light and he will deceive the nations in the days ahead.
2 Corinthians 11:14: 'And no wonder, for Satan himself transforms himself into an angel of light.
' Matthew 24:24: 'For false Christs and false prophets will rise and show great signs and wonders and deceive, if possible, even the elect.
' He's going to come as an angel of light with these false prophetic voices and beings, and they will deceive the nations.
You're going to see signs and wonders.
The Lord warned me that in the days ahead there will be a darkness to deceive, and you'll see miracles flow from these prophetic people and churches that will present a false gospel—a gospel that has compromise, suggesting more than one way to heaven than Jesus Christ.
They'll say, 'Well, we have to accept everything.
Sin is okay; grace covers it.
' You can live the way you want to live, basically.
But they're going to show you signs and wonders, and people are going to get healed.
But it's going to be demonic, powered by the devil himself to come as an angel of light to deceive you.
You must be on guard and have discernment for what's about to be brought to the world.
I'm trying to tell you what I saw, and the only way I know how is by bringing these scriptures out and telling you that you're going to have to be on guard.
The Lord said you must know His Word more than you know your name.
You've got to get that Bible down inside of your heart and make it a pillar and a foundation, for there's great deception coming.
You're going to be looking at it and going, 'Well, did you not see that guy's arm grew out?
' Everything he's preaching must be right because we've never seen miracles like that before.
The dead were raised or whatever.
I'm just trying to put this out to you so that you understand: false Christs and false prophets will rise and show great signs and wonders to deceive, if possible, even the elect.
He's coming as an angel of light to deceive the nations.
They're all going to like him and think he's awesome.
But remember that you must have great discernment regarding what they're saying.
There's only one way to the Father, and that's the Lord Jesus Christ.
Muhammad can't save you; Buddha can't save you.
No false god can save you.
The only one that can save you is Jesus Christ.
He died for you and rose again on the third day.
If anybody else tells you there are other ways to the Father than Jesus, run.
I don't care what they're prophesying or declaring or what miracles they're performing.
If they're telling you there are other ways to the Father than Jesus, run.
There's going to be many false Christs and many people telling you things in the days ahead.
There's a great deception coming to the world, and you'd better have your eyes open.
You'd better know this Bible more than just some YouTube person telling you a word.
You'd better have a revelation of the Word yourself.
Read the Bible.
Don't trust anybody on YouTube if they try to go away from this.
Read this; make this the foundation in your life.
You're running out of time.
It's not time to play church.
There are many charismatic circles that are going to be exposed in the days ahead.
There's going to be much darkness exposed.
A lot of you just drink the Kool-Aid.
You've got to find the Word for yourself.
Mega-churches are about to go down.
It's going to look like God is cleaning house in the days ahead.
You're going to see it in California and on the East Coast.
You're going to see people you've been listening to on YouTube and TV, and you're going to be like, 'Oh my gosh, my faith is so shaken,' because you didn't have a backbone like a crowbar in the beginning and you were fed porridge the whole time.
You must learn the Word for yourself.
You've got to get a backbone like a crowbar or you're going to be deceived.
'For false Christs and false prophets will rise and show you great signs and wonders to deceive, if possible, even the elect.
' Who is He talking to?
The elect.
People who feel like they have some knowing, some backbone to them.
I'm telling you, I saw Satan coming as an angel of light.
And when I saw those stones, it sucked me in.
I was looking at them, and the Lord said, "I'm allowing you to see this for a reason.
" There are levels of deception about to be revealed to the world to deceive the nations.
And we're not just talking about the believers, ladies and gentlemen; I'm talking about the unbelievers.
The Antichrist is going to rule for a reason, and he's going to be able to deceive the nations.
They'll give over their kingdoms to him in one hour.
That's what the Bible says.
So, what other scripture did I tell you to pull up?
Now, brethren, concerning the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ and our gathering together to him, we ask you not to be soon shaken in mind or troubled, either by spirit or by word or by letter, as if from us, as though the day of Christ had come.
Let no one deceive you by any means, for the day will not come unless a falling away comes first and the man of sin is revealed, the son of perdition.
So don't let anybody deceive you.
A falling away is coming.
Those are the things that I keep reading over and going over.
I'm like, "Lord, what did you show me?
" I saw this heaven, this dimension is what I want to call it.
I saw portals, and they were alive and breathing.
They looked like a face; it looked like it was alive, but it was layers of light, and you could go through them to different dimensions and places.
I was trying to figure out what I was looking at.
This wasn't in hell.
I didn't see him in hell.
He had a throne, a demonic throne.
It looked like something like the stars—when you take pictures from NASA with the Hubble telescope, it looked like that.
It looked like something out of this world.
As I was seeing President Trump, I saw gifts.
I saw an unveiling of what they have been waiting for because they're wanting the Mahdi to come.
I saw things being exposed and cleansed, and they wanted some of this stuff to come out.
I saw the King of England.
Darkness is settling in.
He will rise up as a scorpion in the days ahead, followed by his grandson George.
George is not king.
I said he will become very vocal in his latter years, around seventeen years old or whatever he was.
I saw him as a young man, but he became very vocal and had a glow about him.
You say, "Well, why do you say glow?
" because it draws you in.
It's not the Holy Ghost.
His voice will become amplified.
I did not see the father, but the young man was not king; his voice was like an ambassador.
Now I want you to hear what the king says.
He came to America two weeks ago, and I said things were shaken.
There was a darkness on Trump's right shoulder as he stood next to him, and I said there was a cloaking of darkness and things were shaken under the table—what was said that you did not know.
Watch what he says now.
Are you going to listen and have ears to hear where we are in the end times?
I said, "Watch England, watch the king, watch what happens in the days ahead.
" A great darkness is coming.
And you know what's interesting?
He has his crown on and his staff.
Listen to what he says right here: "My ministers will also proceed with the introduction of digital ID that will modernize how citizens interact with public services.
" So, you're going to have to have a digital ID in England soon.
They're going to modernize it, and you're not going to be able to have public services without it.
They're getting you ready for the mark of the beast.
The digital ID is about to be unfolded in England.
What was said in America two weeks ago?
China—he's there right now.
President Trump is in China.
What is being discussed?
What agreements are being made?
I said a shot in the arm in the economy is coming.
Then the Senate committee passed the Crypto Clarity Act, 15 to 9.
They're bringing it into the next phase.
It passed today.
What is attached to clarity?
What is attached to crypto?
A beast system.
I went in the spirit, and the Lord allowed me to say this.
He said, "Who is Satoshi Nakamoto?
" He said, "I'll show you who he was.
Who is the founder of Bitcoin?
" He said, "I'm going to show you something.
I'm never going to tell you what I saw about who he is, but the Lord said, 'I will allow you to see who this individual is.
'" So I was allowed to see this, and it was nothing like I thought.
Who is the creator of crypto?
Who is the creator of Bitcoin?
Who is the creator of all this?
They were wearing a black cloak and had no face that I was allowed to tell you about.
The Lord said something to me about the whole thing today; I was allowed to go into meetings and hear things.
He said, "I want you to pray over this for what's coming.
It's coming faster than it's ever come before.
" Brandon, the harvest of souls—the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
There are so many of you who do not realize where we are in this dispensation of grace, and it's coming to an end.
The sun is setting on this dispensation of grace.
Great tribulation is about to begin.
Are you ready for the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ?
Digital ID is about to come mainstream, and King Charles is declaring it over his people.
Where are you with the signs of the times?
Where's your heart right now?
If you were to die today, where would you spend eternity?
As I was looking at the stone, the fire, and what was described in Ezekiel, it shook me.
I thought, "Man, Brandon's strong," but he comes as an angel of light.
I had to take moments and pray because I thought I was strong with the Lord, but the devil will come to deceive the nations.
The only way you're going to get through the days ahead is by leaning confidently in the Lord Jesus Christ.
In between my sleep and my wake, the Lord gave me an asteroid name.
I didn't know what it was, but he gave me the letters and numbers of an actual asteroid that they have, and he said, "They're not telling you about this.
" He gave me the exact number of something.
He gave me the exact numbers of a rock they've named, and he said they know it's coming.
I warned you what he said.
He gave me the exact number; it had a dash and numbers.
He said, "This one's going to hit the Earth.
" I want you to understand, I'm not trying to scare you; I'm trying to prepare you.
They know something's coming.
When I heard the name and he told it to me, he said, "Tell your wife this," because Diana's smarter than me—I don't understand what I'm looking at.
When he gives me numbers and things, I go, "Okay.
" I gave it to her, and she studied it and said, "Brennan, you're freaking me out a little bit.
" I said, "Yeah, well, this is what the Lord said.
" He talked about an asteroid, this rock that's coming—I don't know if it's an asteroid or a meteor.
He said it's coming, and it's coming sooner than you think.
And he said, 'I warned you from April 1st to September 11th, 9/11, that a great acceleration of things was coming.
' A great acceleration of signs in the heavens with these aliens—all this stuff they're unveiling, all this demonic stuff they're talking about.
Okay.
Then newly discovered asteroid 2026 JH2 is about to have a very close encounter with the Earth at a distance of just whatever AU.
It's all this stuff they're talking about, finding these rocks.
Okay.
I saw the day this happens and they ground all the flights.
I'm going to tell you this: I saw all the flights were grounded.
They won't allow the planes to go up because of particles that were flying with it, and they were slightly behind it, worried about the planes falling down like you were shooting missiles at them.
And there were so many little particles and so much stuff about to enter into our atmosphere that the flights were grounded for a whole day—all of them.
And they wouldn't allow it because they didn't want them to be like skeet shooting.
Does that make sense?
skeet shooting.
They didn't want the skeet shooting to be planes and they didn't want them to be struck from the top down.
And I saw them grounding all the flights because metal is thin with a rock that's flying that fast.
So they ground them all over the place.
They would not let commercial jets fly this day.
It was bad.
All flights.
It looked like there were no flights in the sky, like it was 9/11.
I saw when this major rock hits, it hits in the water in the Atlantic Ocean again.
I saw more, but it hits so deep and it hits the Earth's surface.
It creates gases.
It creates some kind of water to boil.
It causes the water to cook.
Again, I've seen it.
This is something very serious when I was praying about it.
And when I saw it coming, it busted all the glass out of the houses where it flew over that area and it sounded like a thousand trains.
It was deafening.
The Lord even showed me people's ears bleeding from the loudness of the explosion as it goes over your house.
It causes great disturbance.
This is what I saw yesterday—or what was it?
What day was that?
Yeah, it wasn't today.
It had to be yesterday.
I didn't make a video because I was upset about everything.
So then we see all this new stuff.
Everybody's sending me this stuff saying, 'Hey, Brandon, do you see this guy?
You see this guy?
' It goes with what the Lord is showing me.
He's a young kid.
He has a YouTube channel.
He looks probably in his 30s.
Everybody's talking about him.
He does astronomy stuff.
Diana said, 'Brandon, look at this,' and she showed me all the pictures of this guy talking about stuff, and we're about to enter into this belt or some kind of debris and all this stuff.
He's a YouTuber, and so I don't know his name and...
there you are.
That's him.
The young kid, Steven Burns.
Yeah, Stephen who?
Burns.
Okay.
Now he has a YouTube channel.
And this was sent to Diana from some of you viewers.
And you can't play it because I don't want him to strike my channel for playing his stuff.
I don't know him.
But he is talking about stuff out there that is being discovered.
There's something about to happen is basically what he's saying.
To make a long story short, it goes with what the Lord's warning me about.
When?
I don't know.
I see in part, hear in part.
If I got the whole thing, people would be looking at me.
And it's not about Brandon Biggs.
This is about Jesus.
We attract to deflect.
I point you to the cross.
I point you to the Savior.
I am Brandon.
This isn't about Brandon and the Brandon show.
This is about Jesus Christ and me telling you that it's time for you to repent and come to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
And make it a heart thing because you're running out of time.
This isn't about how important Brandon is, how much the channel's growing or whatever.
It's about me telling you it's time for you to fall on your knees and repent before a holy God.
You must get your heart right.
You must get into the word.
You must go to church.
You must find Him.
Seek Him daily.
Not just on Sundays and when it's convenient.
Christianity is not convenient.
It's to die to self.
It's not an easy walk, telling your flesh to shut up.
But when you crucify your flesh and you seek Him daily, you will find Him and He will become real to you.
Don't have compromise in your heart.
Don't be lukewarm.
Be all in for Jesus.
Be those virgins that had their lamps full of oil.
Don't be like the other five that were like, 'Well, we know He's coming.
' But as they went to go find the oil because they did not prepare themselves for the bridegroom, He came when they were not there.
And when they came back, it was too late.
He came for the ones that were ready.
He came for the ones whose lamps were full of oil.
And when they say, 'Can we borrow some of yours?
' they say, 'No.
Are you kidding me?
We've been sacrificing.
We've been looking for Him.
We know He's coming.
We're expecting the unexpected.
We're expecting for Jesus to come.
Have your lamp full of oil.
Stay under the spout where the glory comes out.
Drink from the well that never runs dry.
All these signs are happening all around us.
But what are you doing with it?
With the blood moons and the things we had in early 2014—the blood moons—and everybody was freaking out about the blood moons and John Hagee wrote books, everybody wrote books about the blood moons.
But we seem, as a frog in a pot, we forget about the books.
We forget about the warnings that we had 10 years ago.
It's been 10 years plus, 11, 12 years some of it.
But people become desensitized to the signs that are around us and we lay it aside and go, 'Well, you know, we heard about that.
It was a big nothing.
' But because you didn't see it when you thought it would happen with the comet and the star of Bethlehem—remember that big star?
It was back in the early...
what was that?
2000 during COVID, and we sat out in the parking lot because we couldn't go in anywhere.
When was that, Braden?
2019, 2020?
And we saw the big bright light in the sky in the west.
Does anybody remember that?
It was big bright planets that joined together and it formed this big bright light.
It was Jupiter and I think something else, and everybody was freaking out, 'Oh my gosh, look at that.
' And it was for days, but as time goes by, we go, 'Oh, well, I forgot about that.
No big deal.
' He said He would give us signs to warn us in Genesis.
He told us.
But there's so many of us that become desensitized to the signs.
And as we see these meteors and these asteroids and plagues and pestilence and wars and rumors of wars and we see the falling away and the cleaning of the church, for judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
Don't become the ostrich with his head in the sand and be looking down and not looking up.
It's time to repent before a holy God and come to Jesus before it's too late.
The ark is closing, ladies and gentlemen.
It's happening all around us.
As the days of Noah, so will it be.
Noah knew the flood was coming and he tried to warn everybody around him, but no one had ears to hear and they perished.
I'm trying to warn you as in the days of Noah—here we are again.
The Lord warned us, Jesus warned us in Matthew 24, as the day approaches.
Here we are.
It's happening all around us.
Well, Brandon, what if it's another 10 years?
What if it is?
But at least your lamp's full and you're having an expectation for His return.
There are warnings all around us.
The lights are flashing as bright as they can.
There is a dead end.
Matthew 24:37-39: 'But as the days of Noah were, so also will the coming of the Son of Man be.
For as in the days before the flood, they were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage, until the day that Noah entered the ark, and did not know until the flood came and took them away.
So also will the coming of the Son of Man be.
' So you'll be eating and drinking and marrying and doing everything, and here comes the flood.
All my heart is, as I saw these fallen-looking, demon-looking things, alien fallen angels, the principalities of darkness—go back to that Ephesians, I want you to think about that.
We are always binding the principalities.
There's a principality coming against us right there; you passed it, baby.
'For we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against principalities...
' People stick on that in Christianity, and especially in the charismatic world.
Principalities and demons and principalities coming against us, against powers.
We forget about those: against the rulers of the darkness of this age, against spiritual hosts of wickedness in the heavenly places.
And that's what I believe I was seeing, that there was something very dark that looked like things off Star Wars, and I saw a celebration as these files were coming out.
I saw brooches, jewels, and things, and I saw a great deception coming.
And many people will believe and drink the Kool-Aid in the days ahead.
Chapter three: prayer.
Don't be one of them just because they prophesy, just because they lay hands on people and you see them recover.
Judge and test the spirits.
You must know and have great discernment.
Don't follow the piper.
Remember the Pied Piper who played the flute and all the children followed him?
It was so dark.
In the fairy tale, he played the flute, and all the people followed him.
Don't follow the piper.
Follow the voice of the Lord—that still, small voice on the inside of you.
And if you have a check, run.
He will show you that which is to come.
And the investments and the things that I believe we're about to see are the stimulus for the economy, for midterms, and for things.
The man just got sworn in yesterday; Clarity Act and voted on.
Things are happening with Kevin Warsh, so Jerome Powell's looking for a job today.
So we will continue to lift things up.
I think I touched on it well enough.
Do you think I touched on that well enough?
Yeah.
And you saw the skeleton of the gods or whatever.
Oh yeah.
I saw over Seattle.
I saw two hands that looked like Grim Reaper hands that had moss growing down, webbing hanging down off of it.
And they clapped their hands together and they plowed across the land of America.
Wow, that was amazing.
Did you hear my stomach do that?
It went 'bam' and they slapped, and he plowed his hands from Seattle across America.
Now, I don't know what that was, but it was creepy.
And I saw a black cloak and gauze, this webbing coming off his hand as things that were agreed upon.
And the Lord said, 'This is from May 25th to the 4th.
' Praying for this time frame.
And I saw the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.
I saw flowers, carnations on a wreath that were red, white, and blue.
You remember that?
And then I saw praying over the 17th, which is this Sunday.
But I don't have as much caution about that as I do about Memorial Day—praying for Memorial Day and the decisions that will be made.
Praying still.
I saw that the United States government—we win the House by a majority, a big number.
But I still see the Senate; to lose the Senate by three.
So pray over our Senate and the House.
But the House, in my heart, I feel like it's a slam dunk still.
I feel no urgency about the House as much.
But that doesn't mean to let your guard down; that still means prayer.
There's something major stirring about keeping the House.
But the Senate, I see us losing the Senate to the Democrats by three.
So we pray for a flipping of that, okay?
That we win the House and the Senate.
But it's more about the governors.
Don't lose sight of the importance of the governors for their next term.
Some of that will be during the virus, in my opinion.
To pray for the four years for people like Stitt in Oklahoma, praying over your governor.
You know, the President didn't make a lot of those decisions; it was your governors and your mayors that shut down your cities, like where we are living.
The mayor said, 'Well, we're going to let you go to Walmart today, but we're closing it down.
Sorry.
You can't go downtown.
You can't do this.
You have to stay in your house.
' And the sheriff enforced it.
And the night sheriff in the county we were in said, 'I'm not doing none of that.
' He was a patriot in my opinion.
So we continued to pray over the Hanta virus or whatever, and we'll pray over that.
You know, people are making a video.
I told you I don't believe this is the virus; I believe this is a trial run for what I believe they're trying to release in the days ahead.
Do I believe it's this one?
No, I don't.
I believe this is a forerunner, a test run.
A test run; that's a better word.
So, okay.
So, there's an underwater bomb discovered at a dam that supplies drinking water to the entire city of Mobile, Alabama.
Now, that's interesting.
Did that just happen?
Yep.
Who put that there?
Is that part of these crazies that I'm talking about?
The Red Dawn experience.
I said we have an infiltration of all these major cities by people that were let in here by Joe Biden.
And then, don't you think it's interesting as the president's gone that we have Gabbard—what's her name, the CIA?
Tulsi Gabbard.
Yeah.
Her office was raided by the FBI while President Trump's out of the country and they stole it.
They took the JFK files and whatever else.
The CIA...
and I remember I saw a coup coming.
Worse, I saw a coup, the 25th Amendment.
The Lord said pray about the 25th Amendment and a coup, and I saw an individual, a lizard, a chameleon in the White House, a chameleon that was a lizard that was able to blend in both ways, any way he wanted.
To say, 'Watch this 25th Amendment.
' It would be like January the 6th on steroids.
And then President Trump's gone and we have one individual still here.
And then we have CIA raids.
It's not an FBI raid; it's a CIA raid into a government official's office taking all the stuff.
That's interesting.
I wonder why they waited until Trump was gone.
Maybe that was by design.
Maybe not.
I'm trying not to be a conspiracy theorist, but isn't that interesting?
So, do you have that?
I want them to see it.
And this just in, John: 'The CIA just raided Tulsi Gabbard's office.
Agents hauled out dozens of boxes, files on the JFK assassination, and MK Ultra, the CIA mind control operation, which she was in the process of declassifying.
Today's whistleblower said it during his deposition, and Congresswoman Anna Paulina Luna confirmed it moments ago.
' The reason why this is troubling is there was an executive order that the president had directed the full declassification of JFK, but then also the MK Ultra files.
The CIA famously has said that all were released.
The Lord just...
I just got corrected.
If you're here today and you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, the Lord said, 'You missed it.
You didn't give him an opportunity to come to me when I put that video on.
' He said, "I'm pulling on their hearts right now.
" You went to a video, and he corrected me.
I apologize to you; he rebuked me sternly.
The very shoes you put on today, the undertaker might be taking them off tonight.
It's your day of salvation right now.
When I'm telling you all this stuff, it's time for you to make a choice.
Search your heart right now.
If you were to die today, where would you spend eternity?
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
But I'm going to tell you, more importantly: you may think you know Jesus, but does he know you?
Have you made him your Lord and personal Savior?
There are many of you that have a worldly, stone-like image—like Jesus in a picture with the shroud and all this stuff.
You may think you know that, and well, that's Jesus.
Yeah, that's Jesus.
No.
But is Jesus personal to you?
I'm not talking about a Catholic faith or the Baptist.
I'm not talking about some kind of religious experience; I'm talking about intimacy and a relationship with him.
Whenever he becomes real to you and you become real to him, you can say, "I know him.
We talk.
How are you doing today?
I missed you.
" "I had a rough day today, Lord.
I got persecuted pretty hard, but I'm still standing.
" "I know.
I saw you.
I'm proud of you.
Keep standing.
I'm pleased with what you're doing.
Keep going.
" "Oh God, that was a rough day today.
" "I'm sharing in your sufferings.
" It's all about relationship.
Do you know him?
And more importantly, does he know you?
Today's your day for salvation.
I want you to get real with God.
And when you get real with God, God will become real with you.
Stop being religious and weird.
Get just a personal relationship with Jesus Christ.
It's not about religion or whatever you think it is.
People have made some kind of wall between him and us, but there is no wall.
He tore the veil; he rent it.
There is no separation from us.
We can come right into his throne room boldly.
The day we accept Lord Jesus Christ as our Lord and we invite him into our heart, we are wall-to-wall Holy Ghost and we have liberty.
We are able to go right into his throne room and say, "Hey, how are you doing?
I miss you.
I want you.
" We are joint-heirs with Jesus Christ.
As he is, so are we in this world, and he dwells on the inside of you richly by faith.
But so many people have made it some kind of religious act.
It's just, "Hey, I'm having a bad day.
I'm really ticked off.
Can you just be so real to me?
" I'm so tired of religion.
And when you get real with God, God will become the fire—he's a fire shut up in my bones.
So if that's you today and you're listening to me, you say, "Brandon, I want that.
I want a relationship with Jesus Christ.
" The first step is just surrendering, giving him all, and saying, "Jesus, I can't do this without you.
" If I'm talking to you today and you walk through the door of salvation, then the next step is the baptism of the Holy Ghost, finding a good church, and doing all those things.
But today is your day for salvation.
I want you to be bold in your decision.
If I'm talking to you and you say, "I'm tired of playing games.
I don't want to do this anymore.
I'm at the end of my rope, but I need Jesus.
Today's my day," I want you to just get real right now.
Say in the comment section, "I want to be saved.
Braden, pray for me.
I want to come home.
I'm like the prodigal.
I ran from God.
" God never turned his back on you, but you turned your back on him.
You know you're not living right, and today's your day.
You say, "Brandon, I want to come home.
I want to do right.
I want to turn from my wicked ways.
I want to repent.
" He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
He's always there.
His arms are wide open and he's saying, "Come to me.
I want to help you.
" But he's a gentleman.
What's amazing about our friend is he's a gentleman.
He'll never force you to do anything.
He's always there, knocking on the door of your heart, saying, "Will you let me in?
" He doesn't force himself.
He's gentle.
"Will you let me in?
" "Yes.
I can't do this.
I need you.
" And he's always there; he loves you.
If somebody loves you enough to die for you and suffer the way he did, that's love.
There is no greater love than this: than a man who lays down his life for a friend.
He loves you.
So this afternoon, wherever you are, I want you to be all in and just confess it right now.
Say this simple prayer with me, and the moment you do, I believe you are born again.
You're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost; he dwells on the inside of you, and he will change you from the inside out.
But I want you to repeat this prayer.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
I believe that there is no other way to get to heaven other than through you.
I denounce Satan.
I denounce my sin.
I denounce false religion.
I denounce Buddha and Muhammad.
I denounce any kind of false god.
I'll never touch them again.
I'll never worship them again.
I will only worship you.
I dedicate my life to you, Jesus.
I give you my all and I surrender all to you.
I repent for worshiping false gods.
I repent for worshiping the devil.
I repent for the sin I was committing.
From this day forward, I'll serve you with all my heart.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Today's my day.
I have a new clean start.
You said, 'Behold, I make all things new.
' So thank you, Jesus, that today I'm new.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm born again.
And if I were to die today, I'll be with you in paradise forever.
Amen.
" I believe if you just said that prayer, you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
Now, what do you do?
You go to a Bible-believing church—a church that preaches the Word and isn't just skinny jeans and fog machines.
If that's where you start, fine, but don't stay there.
I'd go to a church that preaches the Word and preaches how to stir you up and fight the devil off.
A lot of you are anemic; you don't even know how.
But you've got to get in the Word and get this Word down inside of you; it will change you from the inside out.
And you say, "Brandon, I don't have a Bible.
" We will send you a Bible absolutely for free, just to love on you and tell you welcome home to the family.
Welcome to the kingdom of God.
All you have to do is email us at the address in the description down below and put "I got born again today" in the subject line.
Tell us your name and your address, and we won't bother you or solicit you.
We just want to tell you welcome home.
We'll send you a New King James or an Amplified Bible for free just to love on you.
So welcome to the kingdom of God; welcome home.
I would go to a Bible-believing church and tell the pastor, "I got born again watching some bald-headed guy on YouTube, and I want to be water baptized.
" Get water baptized as a declaration that you're all in.
Plug yourself into that church.
Go on Sundays and Wednesdays—whenever they've got the doors open—and just be excited about your decision to accept Jesus Christ.
Come over here, like, subscribe, and be a part of our YouTube channel.
Pray with us every time we come on here.
I try to do this at least four to five times a week.
I'm excited that you're here.
Welcome to the Kingdom of God.
You came just in time.
I'm telling you, all 71 of you that accepted Jesus Christ today, welcome home.
That's wonderful.
Seventy-one of you in the middle of the afternoon accepted Jesus, and that is really great.
We're excited about that.
What a number!
Seventy-one people.
I knew the Lord told me to put this video on and do it when we did.
You were at the right place at the right time watching, whoever you are.
We're excited you're here.
Isn't that amazing?
In the middle of the afternoon like that.
All right, well, we're going to go ahead and pray, then we'll finish that video.
The Lord corrected me very sternly, and I can understand why now.
He said, 'You missed it.
' I said, 'Okay, forgive me.
' Seventy-one of you just gave your heart to Jesus.
See, even I am a work in progress.
It shows you right there that I don't have it all together.
Even when I'm talking, if I'm not being sensitive to the Spirit of the Lord, he says, 'You go back and fix it.
Don't watch that video; stop it now.
' I'm learning to obey him immediately.
I thought we would do it after, but the Lord said, 'You do it now.
' So I listened quickly.
Be quick to obey him, even if your flesh says otherwise.
Isn't Jesus wonderful that he puts up with us?
Okay, let's finish that and then let's pray.
You all get the gist of that, right?
They raided her office and took all her stuff.
That gives you a rundown of everything that was shown to us.
I was very concerned about the light.
The devil comes as an angel of light, and I'm telling you, it will suck you in like a tractor beam if you don't know who you are.
All right, let's take communion and we're going to pray.
It's already been an hour and ten minutes.
Is there anything else breaking in the world that is important to show?
Cuba is coming; Cuba is about to be liberated.
I keep praying over Cuba, and it's going to have the greatest harvest of souls.
Cuba is going to be a radical place to be.
With healings and demonstrations, God is going to set them free from all that witchcraft over that island.
There's a major shaking coming; 700 miles of island is about to be shaken.
Is it more than 700?
Right, 100 miles across and 700 long.
It's a lot of land.
CI Director John Ratcliffe visits Cuba.
Well, guess what?
That's interesting.
What is he doing there?
He's taking files, and now he's going to Cuba.
A coup—remember I saw a coup?
I won't touch that, though I guess I already did.
Father, we just thank you for the Word.
We thank you, Lord, for your covering over me, my wife, and my children.
We thank you that we look up because we know our redemption draws nigh.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us, over our home, and over our children.
We thank you for your covering over our finances.
Father, we plead the blood.
We thank you that every plot, plan, pursuit, and word curse falls at our feet; it will not bear fruit in the name of Jesus.
We apply the blood and are in the right place at the right time, doing exactly what you've asked us to do because we have surrendered our lives to you.
We take this body in the name of Jesus, and we know in whom we have believed.
Father, you are our healer and deliverer.
We take this in the name of Jesus and thank you that there's an expiration date that starts today for what we're believing for.
Healing belongs to us.
Deliverance belongs to us.
By your stripes, Lord, we are healed.
We are delivered and not tormented in our minds.
We have the mind of Christ.
2nd Timothy 1:7 says, 'God has not given you a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a well-balanced mind.
' You can have that today.
I have the mind of Christ and am not tormented by fear, for perfect love casts out all fear.
Fear has torment, and we're not going to be tormented by the devil or by fear.
Fear tolerated is faith contaminated.
We're not going to allow that to take root; we're going to uproot fear because love abides in us.
God is love, and we receive it right now in the name of Jesus.
You have to receive it by faith.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
Love forgives.
We walk in love with those who are persecuting us.
1 Corinthians 13 talks about love.
You have to walk in love because faith works by love.
If you want to know why your faith is not working, look at your love walk.
How are you treating people?
Love never fails.
It's not always easy, but it's doable because he equips you with the Holy Spirit.
Love is patient and kind; it takes no account of a suffered wrong.
That is the key to your healing.
Healing flows when faith is flowing, and if your faith isn't working, you should check your love walk, patience, and love.
Father, we take this body in the name of Jesus.
I am who the Bible says I am.
I can do what the Bible says I can do.
I am healed, whole, and well by your stripes, Lord.
No weapon formed against us shall prosper, and every tongue that rises against us, we condemn.
We take this body in the name of Jesus and believe that today is the expiration date for what we've been believing for.
From the top of our heads to the soles of our feet, we're healed and whole in the mighty name of Jesus.
Either you believe it or you don't; I'm fully persuaded.
Say, 'I'm fully persuaded that what God has promised, he is able also to perform.
' I believe I receive healing over my body in the name of Jesus.
Take the blood; we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
It never loses its power.
Great is his faithfulness to you.
We take this blood in the name of Jesus and lift it up.
The blood of Jesus covers us and makes us whole.
We cover ourselves in the blood right now, from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet.
Father, I plead the blood over my eyes.
If you want to show me anything which is to come, we're yielded to you, Holy Spirit.
We take authority over the lying deceiving spirits, and we will not be deceived.
We will not follow the devil.
We hear your voice, Lord, because we are your sheep, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We apply the blood over this house and over all of us.
Thank you, Lord, that the blood of Jesus is covering us right now and washes our sin away.
Amen.
Jesus loves you.
We take the blood so we can enter in.
I always go into his throne room with communion.
I yield, Holy Spirit.
We yield to the anointing of the prophetic.
We yield to the anointing of the watcher.
And it never loses its power.
Oh Father, we yield to you.
Glory, glory, glory.
Hallelujah.
Glory, glory, hallelujah.
His truth is marching on.
I believe that's the way the verses go.
I don't know all the words to it, but Braden, I find them and if I can't pronounce it, I'll do the best I can with it.
But it's about waking up the church in America.
Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord.
He is trampling out the vintage where the grapes of wrath are stored.
He hath loosed the fateful lightning of his terrible swift sword.
His truth is marching on.
Glory, glory, hallelujah, glory, glory, hallelujah.
Glory, glory, hallelujah.
His truth is marching on.
There's something about it.
I see a patriotism coming across the land.
Why is that?
I see the flag.
It started on the East Coast and it's going across the land from east to west.
There's a patriotism that looks like a flag waving across the land coming up.
It's coming on.
Oh, he's breaking us.
He's singing: Glory, glory, hallelujah.
Glory, glory, hallelujah.
His truth is marching on.
He said to me when I sing that, 'I'm not done with America yet, Brandon.
I'm not done with America yet, Brandon.
Not until the rapture, there'll be a shaking like what you're going to see.
I'm not done with America yet.
I'm not done.
' He said it three times.
'I'm not done with America yet.
Pray for your presence today.
The sky is not falling.
A shaking to awaken is coming, but the sky is not falling.
I'm not done with America yet.
' In fact, the greatest revival is yet to happen—greater than any of the Great Awakenings.
'I'm calling another Great Awakening across your land.
From sea to shining sea, I call a Great Awakening across your land.
' He said it would be a great shaking across your land.
And what the enemy meant for bad, I'll turn it around for good.
I'll shake Hawaii.
I'll shake New York.
I'll shake Florida.
I'll shake California.
And the greatest harvest of souls is yet to happen.
It's time for the church to rise up with a backbone like a crowbar out of the sea.
I see Israel.
I see a flag wrapping around a baby around Israel.
I see a baby and it's an Israel flag.
And I see America and a baby and a flag.
A rebirthing in me.
I see a baby is rebirthing across America.
I see a rebirth of America.
I see it.
It will come to pass.
I see our founding fathers standing above.
I see Plymouth Rock.
This is the second time I have seen this vision.
The covenants that were made with me around Plymouth Rock still echo before my throne.
And a rebirthing is coming to your nation.
Don't pay attention to what you see in the news.
Don't pay attention to the demonic chatter.
For a great shaking is coming in the spirit realm, and a shaking and a cleansing is coming to my church.
I'm dealing with the sin behind the pulpits, for judgment begins in my house first.
And as this rebirthing comes forth out of this, America will be shaken and saved.
You will not be a goat nation, but you will remain a sheep nation.
I'm not done with America yet.
I'm exposing the darkness hidden in the caves, in the offices and files.
I'm exposing the corruption in your land.
A great cleansing is coming.
I see the Epstein list.
He said, 'You think they got away with it in the natural, but they didn't.
' And judgment is coming.
I see some of them dying, just falling over from a mysterious stroke or mysterious heart attacks.
Some have mysterious things growing in their groins, infections in their groins.
He said they got this even from prostitutes.
I see an infection of pus coming out of the groins.
And the Lord said, 'You say you got away with it, but you didn't.
For there will be a great shaking, for you touched the children.
' And I call judgment down on this.
It would be better for you to have a millstone tied around your neck and be thrown to the bottom of the ocean.
I see a millstone you can almost see off the side of the boat.
A great shaking is coming across your land.
I'm telling you, a great revival is coming.
A rebirthing.
He says, 'Speak to it, Braden.
Speak to the valley of bones.
Speak to the bones.
Can these bones live?
Speak to them.
' How dead is dead?
Nothing's too dead.
I see them, Lord.
They're getting their heart back again, and it flows from the floor up.
He's bringing revivalists.
He said, 'I'm bringing revivalists.
I used Rodney as a revivalist.
I will have many Rodneys.
Fresh new ones like Charles Finney, John Wesleys, and Whitefields.
' Brandon, fresh revivalists like Charles Finney.
He calls them revivalists.
He said, 'I'm bringing forth new revivalists.
' It's an awakening.
You're calling for revival; I'm calling for awakening.
It's an awakening unto God.
A shaking to awakening.
Glory, glory, hallelujah.
He said this right now, 'Stop singing.
Listen.
There are certain prophetic voices that have missed it.
' But he has his hand on you.
There's some correction coming towards you, but as you go through this refining, your ministry will double in the days ahead.
It will look like all is dead and that he's finished with you, but he said, 'I have brought you to a place because of the circles that I warned you about.
For pride has set in, and I'm going to bring a cleansing within.
And in this purification, I will bring you back to where you should have been.
Your voice will be magnified in the days ahead.
For you are not dead.
' Glory, glory, hallelujah.
His truth is marching on.
And then he said, 'Don't look for it to be the way you've always seen it.
Don't have a preconceived idea of how I'm going to do it.
Behold, I'm going to do something new.
I'm going to do something new.
Don't have a preconceived idea of how I'm going to rebirth it in the church.
Behold, I'm going to do something I've never done before.
' He'll make a river in the desert.
There'll be vineyards you did not plant and houses you did not furnish.
He's bringing the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
And there'll be places and things where you have effortless victories.
There'll be sweatless victories; you'll just walk into it because you've been obedient: the fullness of the fruit, the fullness of the harvest.
The seeds you've planted in the past will come to harvest at last.
For the sower and the reaper will go hand in hand, and I'm bringing this to pass across my land.
I'm coming, but not just yet, for the greatest days of celebration.
I'm coming back for a church that is victorious—not a weak, anemic, running-away church, but a church that is full of my glory.
It's not an escape mentality; I'm not coming back for an escape mentality.
You'll leave with joy, with your heads held high because you finished the work that I had for you and I brought you by my side.
So stop with the escape mentality and stop being down and out.
I've created you to walk on the serpents and scorpions and not have a doubt.
Renew your mind with the word.
He says, 'Glory, glory, hallelujah.
' I see Rubio; there's an anointing on Rubio.
There are some that are two-faced, for Saul has slain his thousands and David his tens.
Watch Rubio.
And Byron—look at Byron.
For I'll put an anointing on Byron.
There's some compromise there, but it's only about 25%; we can pray that out.
I see it, but the Lord said there's much more I can work with for Byron.
He's a true African-American.
Now, Obama was mixed, but there's something more about this man—a true African-American.
Remember what I told you about the slaves?
I restore back what the cankerworm ate.
I restore back the wealth from the slave labor; I'll restore it if they'll receive it.
He said, 'I'll restore back to them ancestral wealth that they never received and pay; I'll restore it back to them today.
Receive it.
' That's what he said.
For the African-Americans, I see something with this Byron.
The Lord said, 'Dip in that river.
' Do you know who I'm talking about, son?
The chubby-cheeked man.
The Lord said, 'There's more to this man.
' To Byron—yes, Byron, the African-American man with the beard.
Byron Donalds.
I'm telling you, I see his face and it's bright, and the Lord said there's just a little bit there, 25%, but there are certain things he has to tweak his thinking on.
But he said, 'Brandon, there's something more you could pray for this man.
' There's a fire on him.
Rubio will come out of Florida.
There's a mixture with DeSantis, 50/50.
I see this in the spirit.
There's a 50/50 mixture, but some you would see have dark hearts toward me.
They're chameleons.
But he is not done with America.
Pray for your leaders.
Mike Lindell is on fumes.
Pray for Mike Lindell; pray for a wind in his sails.
You get weary in well-doing.
Pray for the sales.
Glory, glory, hallelujah.
His truth is marching on.
Now I'm in Canada.
I can see a great olive press.
I see a great shaking in British Columbia.
A great earthquake is yet to happen.
They'll be trying to separate even more, and they'll be trying to come over into America.
We call for the church to rise up in Canada with the pastors, the men among the ministers.
When you get up, there'll be a great shaking in Canada, in the economy.
It's the same with what's going to happen in England.
And then even in Japan there are certain places.
It will be when the Catholic Church is going to shake—a shaking in the Vatican.
We pray over the decisions that are being made over Iran and the strait.
There's going to be a great breakthrough concerning the Strait; agreements will be made there.
China is going to be involved in this Strait.
A new bark's coming, and I see Trump wanting to pull back and start to focus on this.
I see Taiwan in the midst of it, bartering pieces.
Trump's going to make his own chips.
We don't need Taiwan.
That's what he said, and I don't mean that to be—I'm just telling you what I heard.
We pray for the people of Taiwan.
Fear God, not man.
I see them trying to have a peaceful transition, but there's really not one.
I see Trump's attitude toward this, and I see chip manufacturing trying to rise up, trying to figure out how to—I see AI chip manufacturing closer than what you think.
It's long-term chess games.
Cuba.
What do you think that guy's doing in the CIA, Braden?
He's warning because there's a mixture there.
There are things tied to Kennedy—the files, remember the files?
They're tied to Kennedy and the Cuban Missile Crisis.
The files are tied to Cuba.
Remember the Kennedy curse?
The files are tied to Kennedy and Cuba.
The CIA is all linked together.
They connect the dots: Cuba, Canada, the Kennedy files, the Cuban Missile Crisis, how it all was with Castro and the lead encasing.
There's something much darker here.
The Lord says there are actually things on Cuba.
I'm going to avoid that.
It's the CIA program they're talking about, something deeper with buildings.
That's what they don't want to talk about.
There's something so dark.
Oh, what a tangled web we weave when we try to deceive.
It's starting to lift off my eyes.
We praise you, Father.
We sing praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
Something is attached to Key West.
In fact, it's something attached to Key West with the Kennedys, attached to Cuba.
As the Lord said, 'Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
' I sing praises to your name, oh Lord.
Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I see New York, and fires are all in New York.
Fires in the buildings.
This is real fire.
There'll be fires in the subway.
And I see that demonic figure on the buildings.
I see the demonic figure on the Empire State Building.
I see a projection on the Empire State Building—a demonic devil on the building with a Palestinian flag in the days ahead.
And there's holes in the Statue of Liberty.
They try to put holes with fire in the Statue of Liberty, but this is symbolic.
This would try to come on the land.
This is what you do to try to combat it.
The rebirthing—do you see the baby?
A rebirthing.
Trying to combat it because the deep state is there today.
You say it's the darkness of Agenda 2030.
Even what's going on with the king, you see it?
The Lord said, 'Just because it's not with the government, it's with my church.
' The rebirthing is with the church.
Church and government are two different things.
A rebirthing of my church, a revival in my church, a shaking in the land when you saw that thing go across the land.
So you say, 'Do you understand what he's saying?
' Brandon is saying, 'I hear it.
' What I'm saying by the spirit of the Lord is everything's okay.
He's talking about a covenant that he made with the pilgrims, with the early church over America, and he's talking about a birthing in the church.
You're looking at the government as a birthing.
You've got to separate the government from the church.
He's not talking about a rebirthing of America.
He's talking about the birthing of the church, a revival, a reawakening unto God in the church.
Does that make sense?
People try to bring politics and religion, politics and Christianity.
They're mixed; they're one.
He's saying a revival, a shaking in my church, and a shaking in America—two different things.
It's the church in America, but you look at it as if we're just one.
Everybody has to get along, the Democrats and Republicans, and we're all going to just be friends and hold hands and have s'mores.
No.
A church is going to rise up with a backbone like a crowbar, and a glorious church is going to rise up.
But the church doesn't represent a country.
A church is a church, the glorious church.
We are in the country—in Israel, America, Asia—we're in these places.
A major revival, a major awakening to shake it, a rebirthing of a church to wake up.
But everybody's looking at it going, 'Well, I guess that means Trump and all this.
' No, no.
Separate the thinking.
You've never seen what's about to happen before.
We're going to have everybody singing praises in the White House.
I'm just looking for Jesus.
I'm not looking for Trump.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for these leaders, Byron and Rubio.
' So don't mix what I'm trying to say.
I'm telling you, a shaking's coming to this land, but the church will look beautiful and bells are ringing.
The church bells are ringing.
Does that make sense what I'm saying?
I pray with all my heart that I relay with good accuracy how I'm hearing it and how I see it so that they're able to catch it, because you have people that are just dull of hearing about a revival and what God's doing.
I don't look at the church as America.
I don't look at the church as Asia.
I look at the church as the church.
When Charles Finney—no, what's the guy?
Tommy Hicks.
Tommy Hicks' vision about the glorious church rising was a giant.
It didn't involve a government.
God's taking down denominational barriers between Baptists, Methodists, Catholics, Episcopalians, whatever you want to call yourself.
He said, 'You will function as a body.
' He's taking those dividing walls down, like when he just talked about the racism and the slaves and all the things that happened in America.
Calling back the slave labor by faith that your ancestors worked for, the seeds they sowed to help build America, and the things that the Lord said, 'Calling that back.
' And it was interesting because it was coming through in the spirit.
I was thinking of Byron.
He said a true African-American—Obama was mixed; his mother was white.
I don't try to get into racism and all this stuff, but I'm just being real with what the Holy Spirit is saying.
He says calling these things back—not racism—calling back what was stolen.
The enemy has to pay back what was stolen.
When the thief has been found, tell him to repay it and make a wrong right.
Call it back.
Does that make sense?
It's spiritual.
The seeds you sowed in the past will come to harvest at last.
Slave labor is wrong.
Calling back the seeds, calling back the heart, and this was with the Native Americans too—things that were stolen, things that were happening.
Do you understand?
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to restore back the wages.
' Calling it back.
Wealth transfer.
Believe it.
It's time for your house to be paid off.
It's time for you to have your car paid off.
It's time for the abundance, for the wealth of the sinners laid up for the righteous.
And what the devil meant for bad, God's going to turn it around for good for your generation if you believe him for it.
Say, 'I receive it.
' You've got to believe it.
It's not a victim mentality; it's a receiving mentality.
I have my hands open, God.
I'm underneath that open heaven because my heart's right.
I forgave them.
But God, it doesn't mean it's not time for retribution, restoration, and restitution.
I receive, Lord, everything you have for me.
'I'm making a wrong right,' He says.
God's a God of restoring what the cankerworm ate.
But you've got to believe it and get out of offense and say, 'I'm not offended.
I'm in an open heaven.
I forgive the idiots that did stuff, but God, you're good and you're going to pour out your mercies on me and my household.
And I receive, Father, what my family was robbed of—the seeds and the harvest from the seeds they sowed in the past.
You'll reap at last.
You've got to believe it.
I believe it's time for the wealth transfer.
There's good days ahead for the body of Christ.
This is not doom and gloom.
It's time for the church to realize who we are and take back what the devil has stolen and say, 'Listen, it's like me.
My daughter is overcoming autism all these years, and I've spent countless money and filed bankruptcy trying to help her.
' And I say, 'What the devil meant for bad, God's going to restore it back.
' Do you understand?
And I'm saying, 'God, you're going to turn it.
' But not only that, but with interest.
Believe for interest.
I want interest.
The bank—if you don't pay your taxes, the IRS wants interest.
So why not you call interest?
God, I want interest.
If the government can get interest off of us, God, I want interest from the devil's kingdom.
I want retribution with interest.
Thank you, Father.
God's not broke.
The devil's not broke either.
Look around you.
I'm tired of it; I'm fed up with this.
We're not going to allow him to rob us no more.
I'm calling it in the name of Jesus.
Call it in.
Receive it by faith.
Open heaven.
I live in an open heaven.
I'm underneath that spout where the glory comes out.
The glory is going to flow over me, and it's going to be over peace and joy and patience.
It's going to flow over my marriage.
It's going to flow over my kids.
I call rest.
I call my kids out of the kingdom of darkness and into the light.
I'm calling my kids saved.
I believe it, and we're going to see great days ahead of us for the church: healings, demonstrations, and manifestations of the glory.
Why not me?
Why not you?
Why not now?
Why are we always believing for tomorrow?
I believe for today.
We love you, and we're so thankful that you came out today.
I know it was earlier—it's a little different—but I feel a release.
We pray over our president today as he's traveling home or wherever he's at.
We call for wisdom over his mind that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
We pray over his mind.
We pray over all this stuff that's going on with the CIA and all this.
Father, I thank you that no rock they can hide under, no cave they can hide in.
Father, that you will expose the darkness within, that you'll expose it, the church will rise up, and we will be that glorious church that's beautiful before you, Father.
You're calling the bride to your side.
Father, I pray over Don Jr.
, Eric, Tiffany, Barron, and Ivanka, and even Kai, his granddaughter.
We pray a protection around them that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
A thousand shall fall at their side, 10,000 at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
I pray over President Trump that he's covered by the blood.
And Father, over Marco Rubio and over Byron and over JD Vance.
I pray for protection over their minds, Father, that they will be the leaders that they need to be over this nation.
And I pray over Benjamin and over Israel.
We pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
We pray for the leadership.
We thank you, Lord Father, that you correct those that need to be corrected.
And Father, you'll make right the wrongs that need to be made right.
You'll make it happen.
And I thank you, Father, that the church—the pastors, the preachers, the teachers, the evangelists, the prophets—will rise up and teach the people the meat of the word.
And they'll teach repentance.
And they'll teach that it's time to get right with God because you're coming sooner than later.
And I thank you, Lord, that they'll have an urgency inside of them as the caution lights are flashing all around them, that they'll have eyes to see and ears to hear what the spirit is saying in Jesus' name.
We believe we receive it.
And Father, we give you praise and glory for it.
And everybody say, "Amen.
" Thank you for joining us today.
We pray this video blessed you.
We pray you got something out of it and you feel refreshed.
And we'll be back again tomorrow.
Thank you for joining us.
God bless you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we love you.
God bless you all and see you again.
Bye-bye.